Descriptions/Wago.io.md, before:

**See the images for a quick look at the ingame UI! This might give you a better idea of what is added to the default Blizzard UI.**

Achievement Filter completely replaces the default Achievements tab and adds several tabs to the Achievement Window that order the achievements by expansion, pvp, events or other curated lists. Over 5300 achievements are added so far spread over 1025+ categories, linked to 1625+ zones and 35+ events.

### Now also mostly available in German and Chinese (Simplified)!

### Tabs
- **Achievements**: A copy of the default Achievements tab but with all the additional features. (This tab is still a work in progress.)
- **Expansions**: A collection of all the achievements in game sorted per expansion. See Categories for more details on this tab.
- **Events**: All ingame event related achievements can be found here.
- **Player vs. Player**: A PvP'ers dream with all achievements earnable trough PvP.
- **Specials**: A combination of curated lists that might appeal to certain achievement hunters.

### Categories (Expansions)
- The ***Current Zone*** category shows which achievements are related to the current zone you're in. (This is still being approved on.)
- The ***Selected Zone*** category shows which achievements are related to the zone you're viewing in the World Map. (This is still being approved on.)
- The ***Focused*** category shows achievements you want to focus on.
- The ***Excluded*** category shows excluded achievements you don't want to see. Showing this category can be toggled in the options.
- Each expansion has its own category: ***Classic***, ***The Burning Crusade***, ***Wrath of the Lich King***, ***Cataclysm***, ***Mists of Pandaria***, ***Warlords of Dreanor***, ***Legion***, ***Battle for Azeroth*** and ***Shadowlands***.
- Each expansion is divided in Zones, Dungeons and Raids and Pet Battles where available.
- ***Wrath of the Lich King*** has separate categories for 10 and 25 man Raids.
- ***Wrath of the Lich King*** expansion feature: Argent Tournament.
- ***Cataclysm*** expansion feature: Tol Barad.
- ***Mists of Pandaria*** expansion feature: Brawler's Guild, Scenarios, Proving Grounds.
- ***Warlords of Dreanor*** expansion feature: Brawler's Guild and Garrison.
- ***Legion*** expansion feature: Brawler's Guild and Class Hall.
- ***Battle for Azeroth*** expansion feature: Brawler's Guild, Island Expeditions, War Effort, Heart of Azeroth and Visions of N'Zoth.
- ***Shadowlands*** expansion feature: Torghast and Covenant Sanctums.
- Unobtainable ***Legacy*** categories can be found when the 'Not Obtainable' filter is checked.

### Features
- Enhanced ***searching***, ***filtering***, ***sorting*** and ***tracking*** of achievements per tab.
- Enhanced ***tooltip*** to show more about the achievement and related achievements.
- Achievements are sorted in a way so they make more sense and are easier to find.
- A ***Right Click Menu*** for each achievement with a link to Wowhead, IAT (3.18.0+) (if tactics are available), Transmog sets (if linked to collecting it), Go to (related achievements) and wow-petguide.com (Xu-Fu's Pet Guides).
- A ***tutorial*** for first time users with an ingame explanation of the most important features.
- The option to ***keybind*** the new tabs so it opens in one go. (Game Menu -> Key Bindings -> Addons -> Krowi's Achievement Filter)
- ***ElvUI skin***. (See the ingame options on how to enable each part.)
- Clicking achievements in meta achievements select the achievement.
- Hovering achievements in meta achievements shows more information about the achievement.
- ***World Map Button*** with its own Selected Zone category to show achievements for the zone you're viewing.
- ***Exclude achievements*** you're not interested in.
- ***Event reminder*** for active events with achievements with a compact version option.
- ***Compact achievements*** similar to the summary achievements.
- Overview of which character earned how many achievement points.
- Saturate achievements based on earned by your account, current character or a mix.
- Custom objectives for certain achievements. (If you find missing ones, let me know.)
- A ***summary view*** for each new tab.
- A new ***calendar view*** that puts achievements earned on their respective day.

More features are planned in the future and can be requested via the issues system or discord.

Feel free to join discord and say hi: [https://discord.gg/DCxq5rRNW5](https://discord.gg/DCxq5rRNW5).

Creating and maintaining addons takes a lot of time. If you can miss something, feel free to drop a donation!

Commit message:

Added feature and Dragonflight prep
Needs additional information for Dragonflight and achievement numbers. Need to also convert to curse and wowi.

Descriptions/Wago.io.md, after:

**See the images for a quick look at the ingame UI! This might give you a better idea of what is added to the default Blizzard UI.**

Achievement Filter completely replaces the default Achievements tab and adds several new tabs that order the achievements by expansion, pvp, events or other curated lists. Over 5300 achievements are added so far spread over 1025+ categories, linked to 1625+ zones and 35+ events.

### Now also mostly available in German and Chinese (Simplified)!

### Tabs
- **Achievements**: A copy of the default Achievements tab but with all the additional features.
- **Expansions**: A collection of all the achievements in game sorted per expansion. See Categories for more details on this tab.
- **Events**: All ingame event related achievements can be found here.
- **Player vs. Player**: A PvP'ers dream with all achievements earnable trough PvP.
- **Specials**: A combination of curated lists that might appeal to certain achievement hunters.

### Categories (Expansions)
- The ***Current Zone*** category shows which achievements are related to the current zone you're in.
- The ***Selected Zone*** category shows which achievements are related to the zone you're viewing in the World Map.
- The ***Focused*** category shows achievements you want to focus on.
- The ***Tracking Achievements*** category shows tracking achievements usualy not visible. Showing this category can be toggled in the options.
- The ***Excluded*** category shows excluded achievements you don't want to see. Showing this category can be toggled in the options.
- Each expansion has its own category: ***Classic***, ***The Burning Crusade***, ***Wrath of the Lich King***, ***Cataclysm***, ***Mists of Pandaria***, ***Warlords of Dreanor***, ***Legion***, ***Battle for Azeroth***, ***Shadowlands*** and ***Dragonflight***.
- Each expansion is divided in Zones, Dungeons and Raids and Pet Battles where available.
- ***Wrath of the Lich King*** has separate categories for 10 and 25 man Raids.
- ***Wrath of the Lich King*** expansion feature: Argent Tournament.
- ***Cataclysm*** expansion feature: Tol Barad.
- ***Mists of Pandaria*** expansion feature: Brawler's Guild, Scenarios, Proving Grounds.
- ***Warlords of Dreanor*** expansion feature: Brawler's Guild and Garrison.
- ***Legion*** expansion feature: Brawler's Guild and Class Hall.
- ***Battle for Azeroth*** expansion feature: Brawler's Guild, Island Expeditions, War Effort, Heart of Azeroth and Visions of N'Zoth.
- ***Shadowlands*** expansion feature: Torghast and Covenant Sanctums.
- ***Dragonflight*** expansion feature: Dragon Riding.
- Unobtainable ***Legacy*** categories can be found when the 'Not Obtainable' filter is checked.

### Features
- Enhanced ***searching***, ***filtering***, ***sorting*** and ***tracking*** of achievements per tab.
- Enhanced ***tooltip*** to show more about the achievement and related achievements.
- Achievements are sorted in a way so they make more sense and are easier to find.
- A ***Right Click Menu*** for each achievement with a link to Wowhead, IAT (3.18.0+) (if tactics are available), Transmog sets (if linked to collecting it), Go to (related achievements) and wow-petguide.com (Xu-Fu's Pet Guides).
- A ***tutorial*** for first time users with an ingame explanation of the most important features.
- The option to ***keybind*** the new tabs so it opens in one go. (Game Menu -> Key Bindings -> Addons -> Krowi's Achievement Filter)
- ***ElvUI skin***. (See the ingame options on how to enable each part.)
- Clicking achievements in meta achievements select the achievement.
- Hovering achievements in meta achievements shows more information about the achievement.
- ***World Map Button*** with its own Selected Zone category to show achievements for the zone you're viewing.
- ***Focus achievements*** you're more interested in.
- ***Exclude achievements*** you're not interested in.
- ***Event reminder*** for active events with achievements with a compact version option.
- ***Compact achievements*** similar to the summary achievements.
- Overview of which character earned how many achievement points.
- Saturate achievements based on earned by your account, current character or a mix.
- Custom objectives for certain achievements. (If you find missing ones, let me know.)
- A ***summary view*** for each new tab.
- A new ***calendar view*** that puts achievements earned on their respective day.
- A ***data manager*** to manipulate your saved variables. (Still working on expanding this.)

More features are planned in the future and can be requested via the issues system or discord.

Feel free to join discord and say hi: [https://discord.gg/DCxq5rRNW5](https://discord.gg/DCxq5rRNW5).

Creating and maintaining addons takes a lot of time. If you can miss something, feel free to drop a donation!
